Update README with links (#3306)
esl/MongooseIM: README.md

**MongooseIM documentation highlights:**

> When developing new features/modules, please make sure you add basic documentation to the ['doc/'](https://github.com/esl/MongooseIM/tree/master/doc) directory, and add a link to your document in ['mkdocs.yml'](https://github.com/esl/MongooseIM/blob/master/mkdocs.yml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing new features/modules, please make sure you add basic documentation to the ['doc'](doc) directory, and add a link to your document in ['mkdocs.yml'](mkdocs.yml).
```

Author: Ah, true, it's from GH to GH - too much looking at the docs.
